Name: April
Hero Name: 
Nickname:  Cleo
Birthplace:  RockBottom Cave
Backstory: She first met Duwen as 100% vampire, but had no hunger for his blood because the scent was soemthing her body wanted to resist. She met Ackma while 100% human. Ackama didn't realize she was the same person the next time they met because her aura was different.
Extra Stuff: When Ackma let her have some of his blood she became attached to him instead of her first gaining control. She believe Ackma is the only one that can give her a child. It took many years for ackma to giver her a child. Through time she learn ackma loves her rather he wants to change or not. April has considered Ackma, Duwen, Celi, Regilu and Rukal close friends over time. After they all have spent 3 years together she sees them as family. April and Regilu gets into a lot of agruments with each other, but will not let outsiders treat the other improperly.  It is as if they can only talk bad about each other. April has not met a human like Celi before with her abilities. After meeting her she has seen aconnection with other humans gaining unusually abilities that most humans don't have. April does not think Rukal can accomplish his goal by himself.

Powers: Enhanced Strength, Enhanced sense, Enhanced speed, Unnatural Headling, Flight, Shapeshifting, Pyshic Powers, Psychokinesis, Pyrokinesis
    Signature Abilites: Become incorporeal, Read Minds, Necromancy, Spawn weapons from her body, poisionous
    Main Abilities: Sleep Control, Resistant to Magic, Summon the souls of those previously consumed, Create/Make/Develop Abilities.
    Weakness: hen full Human you have to cut her head off and keep it separated from her body for one full moon cycle. When full Vampire, lure her out in sunlight and put a stake made from natural resources in her haert, then the most pure water on earth must be poured into her heart. This will stop her vampire abilites from working until she feds agin. If unpure water is used she will only lose her powers for a year before the hunger returns. Regular water does nothing; it might stop her first a day depending on the water quality. She can only be killed while full human when the New Moon is around. If the pure water is used it will only make her an immortal human.